<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <meta name="DC.Title" content="HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"/>
    <style type="text/css">body { margin: 0%;padding: 0%;} .cover { text-align: center;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;} .coverpage { text-align: center;vertical-align: middle;text-shadow: #000 0px 1px 1px;margin-left: 0px;margin-right: 0px;margin-top: 0px;padding-top: 3em;margin-botton: 3em;font-size: 3.0em;background: #2F4F4F;} .coverimg { margin-top: 0%;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;width: 100%;} p { margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;} span { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} div { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} p { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} blockquote { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} h1 { text-align: center;} h2 { text-align: center;} h3 { text-align: center;} h4 { text-align: center;} h5 { text-align: center;} h6 { text-align: center;}</style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <h1>HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone</h1>
    </div>
    <div>
      <h2>CHAPTER TWELVE</h2>
      <p> </p>
      <p>THE MIR­ROR OF ERISED</p>
      <p> </p>

      <p>      On Christ­mas Eve, Har­ry went to bed look­ing for­ward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not ex­pect­ing any presents at all. When he woke ear­ly in the morn­ing, how­ev­er, the first thing he saw was a small pile of pack­ages at the foot of his bed.</p>
      <p>      “Mer­ry Christ­mas,” said Ron sleep­ily as Har­ry scram­bled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.</p>
      <p>      “You, too,” said Har­ry. “Will you look at this? I’ve got some presents!”</p>
      <p>      “What did you ex­pect, turnips?” said Ron, turn­ing to his own pile, which was a lot big­ger than Har­ry’s.</p>
      <p>      Har­ry picked up the top par­cel. It was wrapped in thick brown pa­per and scrawled across it was To Har­ry, from Ha­grid. In­side was a rough­ly cut wood­en flute. Ha­grid had ob­vi­ous­ly whit­tled it him­self. Har­ry blew it — it sound­ed a bit like an owl.</p>
      <p>      A sec­ond, very small par­cel con­tained a note.</p>
      <p>     
     We re­ceived your mes­sage and en­close your Christ­mas present. From Un­cle Ver­non and Aunt Petu­nia. Taped to the note was a fifty-​pence piece.</p>
      <p>      “That’s friend­ly,” said Har­ry.</p>
      <p>      Ron was fas­ci­nat­ed by the fifty pence.</p>
      <p>      “Weird!” he said, ‘What a shape! This is mon­ey?”</p>
      <p>      “You can keep it,” said Har­ry, laugh­ing at how pleased Ron was. “Ha­grid and my aunt and un­cle — so who sent these?”</p>
      <p>      “I think I know who that one’s from,” said Ron, turn­ing a bit pink and point­ing to a very lumpy par­cel. “My mom. I told her you didn’t ex­pect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry had torn open the par­cel to find a thick, hand-​knit­ted sweater in emer­ald green and a large box of home­made fudge.</p>
      <p>      “Ev­ery year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, un­wrap­ping his own, “and mine’s al­ways ma­roon.”</p>
      <p>      “That’s re­al­ly nice of her,” said Har­ry, try­ing the fudge, which was very tasty.</p>
      <p>      His next present al­so con­tained can­dy — a large box of Choco­late Frogs from Hermione.</p>
      <p>      This on­ly left one par­cel. Har­ry picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He un­wrapped it.</p>
      <p>      Some­thing flu­id and sil­very gray went slith­er­ing to the floor where it lay in gleam­ing folds. Ron gasped.</p>
      <p>      “I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, drop­ping the box of Ev­ery Fla­vor Beans he’d got­ten from Hermione. “If that’s what I think it is — they’re re­al­ly rare, and re­al­ly valu­able.”</p>
      <p>      “What is it?”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry picked the shin­ing, sil­very cloth off the floor. It was strange to the touch, like wa­ter wo­ven in­to ma­te­ri­al.</p>
      <p>      “It’s an in­vis­ibil­ity cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face. “I’m sure it is — try it on.”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry threw the cloak around his shoul­ders and Ron gave a yell.</p>
      <p>      “It is! Look down!”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the mir­ror. Sure enough, his re­flec­tion looked back at him, just his head sus­pend­ed in midair, his body com­plete­ly in­vis­ible. He pulled the cloak over his head and his re­flec­tion van­ished com­plete­ly.</p>
      <p>      “There’s a note!” said Ron sud­den­ly. “A note fell out of it!”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry pulled off the cloak and seized the let­ter. Writ­ten in nar­row, loopy writ­ing he had nev­er seen be­fore were the fol­low­ing words:</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p>Your fa­ther left this in my pos­ses­sion be­fore he died.</p>
      <p>It is time it was re­turned to you.</p>
      <p>Use it well.</p>
      <p>A Very Mer­ry Christ­mas to you.</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p> </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
