<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <meta name="DC.Title" content="HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"/>
    <style type="text/css">body { margin: 0%;padding: 0%;} .cover { text-align: center;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;} .coverpage { text-align: center;vertical-align: middle;text-shadow: #000 0px 1px 1px;margin-left: 0px;margin-right: 0px;margin-top: 0px;padding-top: 3em;margin-botton: 3em;font-size: 3.0em;background: #2F4F4F;} .coverimg { margin-top: 0%;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;width: 100%;} p { margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;} span { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} div { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} p { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} blockquote { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} h1 { text-align: center;} h2 { text-align: center;} h3 { text-align: center;} h4 { text-align: center;} h5 { text-align: center;} h6 { text-align: center;}</style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <h1>HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone</h1>
    </div>
    <div>
      <h2>CHAPTER ELEVEN</h2>
      <p> </p>
      <p>QUID­DITCH</p>
      <p> </p>

      <p>      Madam Hooch was ref­er­ee­ing. She stood in the mid­dle of the field wait­ing for the two teams, her broom in her hand.</p>
      <p>      “Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you,” she said, once they were all gath­ered around her. Har­ry no­ticed that she seemed to be speak­ing par­tic­ular­ly to the Slytherin Cap­tain, Mar­cus Flint, a sixth year. Har­ry thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the cor­ner of his eye he saw the flut­ter­ing ban­ner high above, flash­ing Pot­ter for Pres­ident over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.</p>
      <p>      “Mount your brooms, please.”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry clam­bered on­to his Nim­bus Two Thou­sand.</p>
      <p>      Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her sil­ver whis­tle.</p>
      <p>      Fif­teen brooms rose up, high, high in­to the air. They were off.</p>
      <p>      “And the Quaf­fle is tak­en im­me­di­ate­ly by An­geli­na John­son of Gryffind­or — what an ex­cel­lent Chas­er that girl is, and rather at­trac­tive, too —”</p>
      <p>      “JOR­DAN!”</p>
      <p>      “Sor­ry, Pro­fes­sor.”</p>
      <p>      The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jor­dan, was do­ing the com­men­tary for the match, close­ly watched by Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall.</p>
      <p>      “And she’s re­al­ly belt­ing along up there, a neat pass to Ali­cia Spin­net, a good find of Oliv­er Wood’s, last year on­ly a re­serve — back to John­son and — no, the Slytherins have tak­en the Quaf­fle, Slytherin Cap­tain Mar­cus Flint gains the Quaf­fle and off he goes — Flint fly­ing like an ea­gle up there — he’s go­ing to sc— no, stopped by an ex­cel­lent move by Gryffind­or Keep­er Wood and the Gryffind­ors take the Quaf­fle — that’s Chas­er Katie Bell of Gryffind­or there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaf­fle tak­en by the Slytherins — that’s Adri­an Pucey speed­ing off to­ward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a sec­ond Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffind­or Beat­er, any­way, and John­son back in pos­ses­sion of the Quaf­fle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s re­al­ly fly­ing — dodges a speed­ing Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, An­geli­na — Keep­er Bletch­ley dives — miss­es — GRYFFIND­ORS SCORE!”</p>
      <p>      Gryffind­or cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.</p>
      <p>      “Budge up there, move along.”</p>
      <p>      “Ha­grid!”</p>
      <p>      Ron and Hermione squeezed to­geth­er to give Ha­grid enough space to join them.</p>
      <p>      “Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Ha­grid, pat­ting a large pair of binoc­ulars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?”</p>
      <p>      “Nope,” said Ron. “Har­ry hasn’t had much to do yet.”</p>
      <p>      “Kept out­ta trou­ble, though, that’s some­thin’,” said Ha­grid, rais­ing his binoc­ulars and peer­ing sky­ward at the speck that was Har­ry.</p>
      <p>      Way up above them, Har­ry was glid­ing over the game, squint­ing about for some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood’s game plan.</p>
      <p>      “Keep out of the way un­til you catch sight of the Snitch,” Wood had said. “We don’t want you at­tacked be­fore you have to be.”</p>
      <p>      When An­geli­na had scored, Har­ry had done a cou­ple of loop-​the-​loops to let off his feel­ings. Now he was back to star­ing around for the Snitch. Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a re­flec­tion from one of the Weasleys’ wrist­watch­es, and once a Bludger de­cid­ed to come pelt­ing his way, more like a can­non­ball than any­thing, but Har­ry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chas­ing af­ter it.</p>
      <p>      “All right there, Har­ry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger fu­ri­ous­ly to­ward Mar­cus Flint.</p>
      <p>      “Slytherin in pos­ses­sion,” Lee Jor­dan was say­ing, “Chas­er Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chas­er Bell, and speeds to­ward the — wait a mo­ment — was that the Snitch?”</p>
      <p>      A mur­mur ran through the crowd as Adri­an Pucey dropped the Quaf­fle, too busy look­ing over his shoul­der at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.</p>
      <p>      Har­ry saw it. In a great rush of ex­cite­ment he dived down­ward af­ter the streak of gold. Slytherin Seek­er Ter­ence Hig­gs had seen it, too. Neck and neck they hur­tled to­ward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have for­got­ten what they were sup­posed to be do­ing as they hung in midair to watch.</p>
      <p>      Har­ry was faster than Hig­gs — he could see the lit­tle round ball, wings flut­ter­ing, dart­ing up ahead — he put on an ex­tra spurt of speed —</p>
      <p>      WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffind­ors be­low — Mar­cus Flint had blocked Har­ry on pur­pose, and Har­ry’s broom spun off course, Har­ry hold­ing on for dear life.</p>
      <p>      “Foul!” screamed the Gryffind­ors.</p>
      <p>      Madam Hooch spoke an­gri­ly to Flint and then or­dered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffind­or. But in all the con­fu­sion, of course, the Gold­en Snitch had dis­ap­peared from sight again.</p>
      <p>      Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref! Red card!”</p>
      <p>      “What are you talk­ing about, Dean?” said Ron.</p>
      <p>      “Red card!” said Dean fu­ri­ous­ly. “In soc­cer you get shown the red card and you’re out of the game!”</p>
      <p>      “But this isn’t soc­cer, Dean,” Ron re­mind­ed him.</p>
      <p>      Ha­grid, how­ev­er, was on Dean’s side.</p>
      <p>      “They ough­ta change the rules. Flint coul­da knocked Har­ry out­ta the air.”</p>
      <p>      Lee Jor­dan was find­ing it dif­fi­cult not to take sides.</p>
      <p>      “So — af­ter that ob­vi­ous and dis­gust­ing bit of cheat­ing —”</p>
      <p>     

    “Jor­dan!” growled Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall.</p>
      <p>      “I mean, af­ter that open and re­volt­ing foul…”</p>
      <p>      “Jor­dan, I’m warn­ing you —”</p>
      <p>      “All right, all right. Flint near­ly kills the Gryffind­or Seek­er, which could hap­pen to any­one, I’m sure, so a penal­ty to Gryffind­or, tak­en by Spin­ner, who puts it away, no trou­ble, and we con­tin­ue play, Gryffind­or still in pos­ses­sion.”</p>
      <p>      It was as Har­ry dodged an­oth­er Bludger, which went spin­ning dan­ger­ous­ly past his head, that it hap­pened. His broom gave a sud­den, fright­en­ing lurch. For a split sec­ond, he thought he was go­ing to fall. He gripped the broom tight­ly with both his hands and knees. He’d nev­er felt any­thing like that.</p>
      <p>      It hap­pened again. It was as though the broom was try­ing to buck him off. But Nim­bus Two Thou­sands did not sud­den­ly de­cide to buck their rid­ers off. Har­ry tried to turn back to­ward the Gryffind­or goal-​posts — he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-​out — and then he re­al­ized that his broom was com­plete­ly out of his con­trol. He couldn’t turn it. He couldn’t di­rect it at all. It was zigzag­ging through the air, and ev­ery now and then mak­ing vi­olent swish­ing move­ments that al­most un­seat­ed him.</p>
      <p>      Lee was still com­men­tat­ing.</p>
      <p>      “Slytherin in pos­ses­sion — Flint with the Quaf­fle — pass­es Spin­net — pass­es Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — on­ly jok­ing, Pro­fes­sor — Slytherins score — A no…”</p>
      <p>      The Slytherins were cheer­ing. No one seemed to have no­ticed that Har­ry’s broom was be­hav­ing strange­ly. It was car­ry­ing him slow­ly high­er, away from the game, jerk­ing and twitch­ing as it went.</p>
      <p>      “Dun­no what Har­ry thinks he’s do­ing,” Ha­grid mum­bled. He stared through his binoc­ulars. “If I didn’ know bet­ter, I’d say he’d lost con­trol of his broom…but he can’t have.…”</p>
      <p>      Sud­den­ly, peo­ple were point­ing up at Har­ry all over the stands. His broom had start­ed to roll over and over, with him on­ly just man­ag­ing to hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Har­ry’s broom had giv­en a wild jerk and Har­ry swung off it. He was now dan­gling from it, hold­ing on with on­ly one hand.</p>
      <p>      “Did some­thing hap­pen to it when Flint blocked him?” Sea­mus whis­pered.</p>
      <p>      “Can’t have,” Ha­grid said, his voice shak­ing. “Can’t noth­ing in­ter­fere with a broom­stick ex­cept pow­er­ful Dark mag­ic — no kid could do that to a Nim­bus Two Thou­sand.”</p>
      <p>      At these words, Hermione seized Ha­grid’s binoc­ulars, but in­stead of look­ing up at Har­ry, she start­ed look­ing fran­ti­cal­ly at the crowd.</p>
      <p>      “What are you do­ing?” moaned Ron, gray-​faced.</p>
      <p>      “I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”</p>
      <p>      Ron grabbed the binoc­ulars. Snape was in the mid­dle of the stands op­po­site them. He had his eyes fixed on Har­ry and was mut­ter­ing non­stop un­der his breath.</p>
      <p>      “He’s do­ing some­thing — jinx­ing the broom,” said Hermione.</p>
      <p>      “What should we do?”</p>
      <p>      “Leave it to me.”</p>
      <p>      Be­fore Ron could say an­oth­er word, Hermione had dis­ap­peared. Ron turned the binoc­ulars back on Har­ry. His broom was vi­brat­ing so hard, it was al­most im­pos­si­ble for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on its feet, watch­ing, ter­ri­fied, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Har­ry safe­ly on­to one of their brooms, but it was no good – ev­ery time they got near him, the broom would jump high­er still. They dropped low­er and cir­cled be­neath him, ob­vi­ous­ly hop­ing to catch him if he fell. Mar­cus Flint seized the Quaf­fle and scored five times with­out any­one notic­ing.</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p> </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
