<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <meta name="DC.Title" content="HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets"/>
    <style type="text/css">body { margin: 0%;padding: 0%;} .cover { text-align: center;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;} .coverpage { text-align: center;vertical-align: middle;text-shadow: #000 0px 1px 1px;margin-left: 0px;margin-right: 0px;margin-top: 0px;padding-top: 3em;margin-botton: 3em;font-size: 3.0em;background: #2F4F4F;} .coverimg { margin-top: 0%;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;width: 100%;} p { margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;} span { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} div { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} p { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} blockquote { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} h1 { text-align: center;} h2 { text-align: center;} h3 { text-align: center;} h4 { text-align: center;} h5 { text-align: center;} h6 { text-align: center;}</style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <h1>HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets</h1>
    </div>
    <div>
      <h2>CHAPTER TWELVE</h2>
      <p> </p>
      <p>THE POLYJUICE PO­TION</p>
      <p> </p>

      <p>      Christ­mas morn­ing dawned, cold and white. Har­ry and Ron, the on­ly ones left in their dor­mi­to­ry, were wo­ken very ear­ly by Hermione, who burst in, ful­ly dressed and car­ry­ing presents for them both.</p>
      <p>      “Wake up,” she said loud­ly, pulling back the cur­tains at the win­dow.</p>
      <p>      “Hermione — you’re not sup­posed to be in here —” said Ron, shield­ing his eyes against the light.</p>
      <p>      “Mer­ry Christ­mas to you, too,” said Hermione, throw­ing him his present. “I’ve been up for near­ly an hour, adding more lacewings to the po­tion. It’s ready.”</p>
      <p>      Har­ry sat up, sud­den­ly wide awake.</p>
      <p>      “Are you sure?”</p>
      <p>      “Pos­itive,” said Hermione, shift­ing Scab­bers the rat so that she could sit down on the end of Ron’s four-​poster. “If we’re go­ing to do it, I say it should be tonight.”</p>
      <p>      At that mo­ment, Hed­wig swooped in­to the room, car­ry­ing a very small pack­age in her beak.</p>
      <p>      “Hel­lo,” said Har­ry hap­pi­ly as she land­ed on his bed. “Are you speak­ing to me again?”</p>
      <p>      She nib­bled his ear in an af­fec­tion­ate sort of way, which was a far bet­ter present than the one that she had brought him, which turned out to be from the Durs­leys. They had sent Har­ry a tooth­pick and a note telling him to find out whether he’d be able to stay at Hog­warts for the sum­mer va­ca­tion, too.</p>
      <p>      The rest of Har­ry’s Christ­mas presents were far more sat­is­fac­to­ry. Ha­grid had sent him a large tin of trea­cle fudge, which Har­ry de­cid­ed to soft­en by the fire be­fore eat­ing; Ron had giv­en him a book called Fly­ing with the Can­nons, a book of in­ter­est­ing facts about his fa­vorite Quid­ditch team, and Hermione had bought him a lux­uri­ous ea­gle-​feath­er quill. Har­ry opened the last present to find a new, hand-​knit­ted sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card with a fresh surge of guilt, think­ing about Mr. Weasley’s car (which hadn’t been seen since its crash with the Whomp­ing Wil­low), and the bout of rule-​break­ing he and Ron were plan­ning next.</p>
      <p>      No one, not even some­one dread­ing tak­ing Polyjuice Po­tion lat­er, could fail to en­joy Christ­mas din­ner at Hog­warts.</p>
      <p>      The Great Hall looked mag­nif­icent. Not on­ly were there a dozen frost-​cov­ered Christ­mas trees and thick stream­ers of hol­ly and mistle­toe criss­cross­ing the ceil­ing, but en­chant­ed snow was falling, warm and dry, from the ceil­ing. Dum­ble­dore led them in a few of his fa­vorite car­ols, Ha­grid boom­ing more and more loud­ly with ev­ery gob­let of eggnog he con­sumed. Per­cy, who hadn’t no­ticed that Fred had be­witched his pre­fect badge so that it now read “Pin­head,” kept ask­ing them all what they were snig­ger­ing at. Har­ry didn’t even care that Dra­co Mal­foy was mak­ing loud, snide re­mark about his new sweater from the Slytherin ta­ble. With a bit of luck, Mal­foy would be get­ting his come­up­pance in a few hours’ time.</p>
      <p>      Har­ry and Ron had bare­ly fin­ished their third help­ings of Christ­mas pud­ding when Hermione ush­ered them out of the hall to fi­nal­ize their plans for the evening.</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p> </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
