<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <meta name="DC.Title" content="HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets"/>
    <style type="text/css">body { margin: 0%;padding: 0%;} .cover { text-align: center;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;} .coverpage { text-align: center;vertical-align: middle;text-shadow: #000 0px 1px 1px;margin-left: 0px;margin-right: 0px;margin-top: 0px;padding-top: 3em;margin-botton: 3em;font-size: 3.0em;background: #2F4F4F;} .coverimg { margin-top: 0%;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;width: 100%;} p { margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;} span { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} div { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} p { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} blockquote { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} h1 { text-align: center;} h2 { text-align: center;} h3 { text-align: center;} h4 { text-align: center;} h5 { text-align: center;} h6 { text-align: center;}</style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <h1>HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets</h1>
    </div>
    <div>
      <h2>CHAPTER TEN</h2>
      <p> </p>
      <p>THE ROGUE BLUDGER</p>
      <p> </p>

      <p>      The rain was falling more heav­ily now. On Madam Hooch’s whis­tle, Har­ry kicked hard in­to the air and heard the tell­tale whoosh of the Bludger be­hind him. High­er and high­er Har­ry climbed; he looped and swooped, spi­raled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slight­ly dizzy, he nev­er­the­less kept his eyes wide open, rain was speck­ling his glass­es and ran up his nos­trils as he hung up­side down, avoid­ing an­oth­er fierce dive from the Bludger. He could hear laugh­ter from the crowd; he knew he must look very stupid, but the rogue Bludger was heavy and couldn’t change di­rec­tion as quick­ly as Har­ry could; he be­gan a kind of roller-​coast­er ride around the edges of the sta­di­um, squint­ing through the sil­ver sheets of rain to the Gryffind­or goal posts, where Adri­an Pucey was try­ing to get past Wood.</p>
      <p>      A whistling in Har­ry’s ear told him the Bludger had just missed him again; he turned right over and sped in the op­po­site di­rec­tion.</p>
      <p>      “Train­ing for the bal­let, Pot­ter?” yelled Mal­foy as Har­ry was forced to do a stupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge the Bludger, and he fled, the Bludger trail­ing a few feet be­hind him; and then, glar­ing back at Mal­foy in ha­tred, he saw it — the Gold­en Snitch. It was hov­er­ing inch­es above Mal­foy’s left ear — and Mal­foy, busy laugh­ing at Har­ry, hadn’t seen it.</p>
      <p>      For an ag­oniz­ing mo­ment, Har­ry hung in midair, not dar­ing to speed to­ward Mal­foy in case he looked up and saw the Snitch.</p>
      <p>      WHAM.</p>
      <p>      He had stayed still a sec­ond too long. The Bludger had hit him at last, smashed in­to his el­bow, and Har­ry felt his arm break. Dim­ly, dazed by the sear­ing pain in his arm, he slid side­ways on his rain-​drenched broom, one knee still crooked over it, his right arm dan­gling use­less at his side — the Bludger came pelt­ing back for a sec­ond at­tack, this time zoom­ing at his face — Har­ry swerved out of the way, one idea firm­ly lodged in his numb brain: get to Mal­foy.</p>
      <p>      Through a haze of rain and pain he dived for the shim­mer­ing, sneer­ing face be­low him and saw its eyes widen with fear: Mal­foy thought Har­ry was at­tack­ing him.</p>
      <p>      “What the —” he gasped, ca­reen­ing out of Har­ry’s way.</p>
      <p>      Har­ry took his re­main­ing hand off his broom and made a wild snatch; he felt his fin­gers close on the cold Snitch but was now on­ly grip­ping the broom with his legs, and there was a yell from the crowd be­low as he head­ed straight for the ground, try­ing hard not to pass out.</p>
      <p>      With a splat­ter­ing thud he hit the mud and rolled off his broom. His arm was hang­ing at a very strange an­gle; rid­dled with pain, he heard, as though from a dis­tance, a good deal of whistling and shout­ing. He fo­cused on the Snitch clutched in his good hand.</p>
      <p>      “Aha,” he said vague­ly. “We’ve won.”</p>
      <p>      And he faint­ed.</p>
      <p>      He came around, rain falling on his face, still ly­ing on the field, with some­one lean­ing over him. He saw a glit­ter of teeth.</p>
      <p>      “Oh, no, not you,” he moaned.</p>
      <p>      “Doesn’t know what he’s say­ing,” said Lock­hart loud­ly to the anx­ious crowd of Gryffind­ors press­ing around them. “Not to wor­ry, Har­ry. I’m about to fix your arm.”</p>
      <p>      “No!” said Har­ry. “I’ll keep it like this, thanks…”</p>
      <p>      He tried to sit up, but the pain was ter­ri­ble. He heard a fa­mil­iar click­ing noise near­by.</p>
      <p>      “I don’t want a pho­to of this, Col­in,” he said loud­ly.</p>
      <p>      “Lie back, Har­ry,” said Lock­hart sooth­ing­ly. “It’s a sim­ple charm I’ve used count­less times —”</p>
      <p>      “Why can’t I just go to the hos­pi­tal wing?” said Har­ry through clenched teeth.</p>
      <p>      “He should re­al­ly, Pro­fes­sor,” said a mud­dy Wood, who couldn’t help grin­ning even though his Seek­er was in­jured. “Great cap­ture, Har­ry, re­al­ly spec­tac­ular, your best yet, I’d say —”</p>
      <p>      Through the thick­et of legs around him, Har­ry spot­ted Fred and George Weasley, wrestling the rogue Bludger in­to a box. It was still putting up a ter­rif­ic fight.</p>
      <p>      “Stand back,” said Lock­hart, who was rolling up his jade-​green sleeves.</p>
      <p>      “No — don’t —” said Har­ry weak­ly, but Lock­hart was twirling his wand and a sec­ond lat­er had di­rect­ed it straight at Har­ry’s arm.</p>
      <p>      A strange and un­pleas­ant sen­sa­tion start­ed at Har­ry’s shoul­der and spread all the way down to his fin­ger­tips. It felt as though his arm was be­ing de­flat­ed. He didn’t dare look at what was hap­pen­ing. He had shut his eyes, his face turned away from his arm, but his worst fears were re­al­ized as the peo­ple above him gasped and Col­in Creevey be­gan click­ing away mad­ly. His arm didn’t hurt any­more — nor did it feel re­mote­ly like an arm.</p>
      <p>      “Ah,” said Lock­hart. “Yes. Well, that can some­times hap­pen. But the point is, the bones are no longer bro­ken. That’s the thing to bear in mind. So, Har­ry, just tod­dle up to the hos­pi­tal wing — ah, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger, would you es­cort him? — and Madam Pom­frey will be able to — er — tidy you up a bit.”</p>
      <p>      As Har­ry got to his feet, he felt strange­ly lop­sid­ed. Tak­ing a deep breath he looked down at his right side. What he saw near­ly made him pass out again.</p>
      <p>      Pok­ing out of the end of his robes was what looked like a thick, flesh-​col­ored rub­ber glove. He tried to move his fin­gers. Noth­ing hap­pened.</p>
      <p>      Lock­hart hadn’t mend­ed Har­ry’s bones. He had re­moved them.</p>
      <p>      Madam Pom­frey wasn’t at all pleased.</p>
      <p>      “You should have come straight to me!” she raged, hold­ing up the sad, limp re­main­der of what, half an hour be­fore, had been a work­ing arm. “I can mend bones in a sec­ond — but grow­ing them back —”</p>
      <p>      “You will be able to, won’t you?” said Har­ry des­per­ate­ly.</p>
      <p>      “I’ll be able to, cer­tain­ly, but it will be painful,” said Madam Pom­frey grim­ly, throw­ing Har­ry a pair of pa­ja­mas. “You’ll have to stay the night…”</p>
      <p>      Hermione wait­ed out­side the cur­tain drawn around Har­ry’s bed while Ron helped him in­to his pa­ja­mas. It took a while to stuff the rub­bery, bone­less arm in­to a sleeve.</p>
      <p>      “How can you stick up for Lock­hart now, Hermione, eh?” Ron called through the cur­tain as he pulled Har­ry’s limp fin­gers through the cuff. “If Har­ry had want­ed debon­ing he would have asked.”</p>
      <p>      “Any­one can make a mis­take,” said Hermione. “And it doesn’t hurt any­more, does it, Har­ry?”</p>
      <p>      “No,” said Har­ry, get­ting in­to bed. “But it doesn’t do any­thing else ei­ther.”</p>
      <p>      As he swung him­self on­to the bed, his arm flapped point­less­ly.</p>
      <p>      Hermione and Madam Pom­frey came around the cur­tain. Madam Pom­frey was hold­ing a large bot­tle of some­thing la­beled Skele-​Gro.</p>
      <p>      “You’re in for a rough night,” she said, pour­ing out a steam­ing beaker­ful and hand­ing it to him. “Re­grow­ing bones is a nasty busi­ness.”</p>
      <p>      So was tak­ing the Skele-​Gro. It burned Har­ry’s mouth and throat as it went down, mak­ing him cough and splut­ter. Still tut-​tut­ting about dan­ger­ous sports and in­ept teach­ers, Madam Pom­frey re­treat­ed, leav­ing Ron and Hermione to help Har­ry gulp down some wa­ter. “We won, though,” said Ron, a grin break­ing across his face. “That was some catch you made. Mal­foy’s face…he looked ready to kill…”</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p> </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
