<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <meta name="DC.Title" content="Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban"/>
    <style type="text/css">body { margin: 0%;padding: 0%;} .cover { text-align: center;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;} .coverpage { text-align: center;vertical-align: middle;text-shadow: #000 0px 1px 1px;margin-left: 0px;margin-right: 0px;margin-top: 0px;padding-top: 3em;margin-botton: 3em;font-size: 3.0em;background: #2F4F4F;} .coverimg { margin-top: 0%;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;width: 100%;} p { margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;} span { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} div { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} p { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} blockquote { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} h1 { text-align: center;} h2 { text-align: center;} h3 { text-align: center;} h4 { text-align: center;} h5 { text-align: center;} h6 { text-align: center;}</style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <h1>Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban</h1>
    </div>
    <div>
      <h2>CHAPTER ELEVEN</h2>
      <p>The Fire­bolt</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p>Mean­while, in the rest of the cas­tle, the usu­al mag­nif­icent Christ­mas dec­ora­tions had been put up, de­spite the fact that hard­ly any of the stu­dents re­mained to en­joy them. Thick stream­ers of hol­ly and mistle­toe were strung along the cor­ri­dors, mys­te­ri­ous lights shone from in­side ev­ery suit of ar­mour and the Great Hall was filled with its usu­al twelve Christ­mas trees, glit­ter­ing with gold­en stars. A pow­er­ful and de­li­cious smell of cook­ing per­vad­ed the cor­ri­dors, and by Christ­mas Eve, it had grown so strong that even Scab­bers poked his nose out of the shel­ter of Ron’s pock­et to sniff hope­ful­ly at the air.</p>
      <p>On Christ­mas morn­ing, Har­ry was wo­ken by Ron throw­ing his pil­low at him.</p>
      <p>‘Oy! Presents!’</p>
      <p>Har­ry reached for his glass­es and put them on, squint­ing through the se­mi-​dark­ness to the foot of his bed, where a small heap of parcels had ap­peared. Ron was al­ready rip­ping the pa­per off his own presents.</p>
      <p>‘An­oth­er jumper from Mum … ma­roon again … see if you’ve got one.’</p>
      <p>Har­ry had. Mrs Weasley had sent him a scar­let jumper with the Gryffind­or li­on knit­ted on the front, al­so a dozen home-​baked mince pies, some Christ­mas cake and a box of nut brit­tle. As he moved all these things aside, he saw a long, thin pack­age ly­ing un­der­neath.</p>
      <p>‘What’s that?’ said Ron, look­ing over, a fresh­ly un­wrapped pair of ma­roon socks in his hand.</p>
      <p>‘Dun­no …’</p>
      <p>Har­ry ripped the par­cel open and gasped as a mag­nif­icent, gleam­ing broom­stick rolled out on­to his bed­spread. Ron dropped his socks and jumped off his bed for a clos­er look.</p>
      <p>‘I don’t be­lieve it,’ he said hoarse­ly.</p>
      <p>It was a Fire­bolt, iden­ti­cal to the dream broom Har­ry had gone to see ev­ery day in Di­agon Al­ley. Its han­dle glit­tered as he picked it up. He could feel it vi­brat­ing, and let go; it hung in mid-​air, un­sup­port­ed, at ex­act­ly the right height for him to mount it. His eyes moved from the gold­en reg­is­tra­tion num­ber at the top of the han­dle right down to the per­fect­ly smooth, stream­lined birch twigs that made up the tail.</p>
      <p>‘Who sent it to you?’ said Ron in a hushed voice.</p>
      <p>‘Look and see if there’s a card,’ said Har­ry.</p>
      <p>Ron ripped apart the Fire­bolt’s wrap­pings. ‘Noth­ing! Blimey, who’d spend that much on you?’</p>
      <p>‘Well,’ said Har­ry, feel­ing stunned, ‘I’m bet­ting it wasn’t the Durs­leys.’</p>
      <p>‘I bet it was Dum­ble­dore,’ said Ron, now walk­ing round and round the Fire­bolt, tak­ing in ev­ery glo­ri­ous inch. ‘He sent you the In­vis­ibil­ity Cloak anony­mous­ly …’</p>
      <p>‘That was my dad’s, though,’ said Har­ry. ‘Dum­ble­dore was just pass­ing it on to me. He wouldn’t spend hun­dreds of Galleons on me. He can’t go giv­ing stu­dents stuff like this –’</p>
      <p>‘That’s why he wouldn’t say it was from him!’ said Ron. ‘In case some git like Mal­foy said it was favouritism. Hey, Har­ry –’ Ron gave a great whoop of laugh­ter, ‘Mal­foy! Wait ’til he sees you on this! He’ll be sick as a pig! This is an in­ter­na­tion­al stan­dard broom, this is!’</p>
      <p>‘I can’t be­lieve this,’ Har­ry mut­tered, run­ning a hand along the Fire­bolt, while Ron sank on­to Har­ry’s bed, laugh­ing his head off at the thought of Mal­foy. ‘Who –?’</p>
      <p>‘I know,’ said Ron, con­trol­ling him­self. ‘I know who it could’ve been – Lupin!’</p>
      <p>‘What?’ said Har­ry, now start­ing to laugh him­self. ‘Lupin? Lis­ten, if he had this much gold, he’d be able to buy him­self some new robes.’</p>
      <p>‘Yeah, but he likes you,’ said Ron. ‘And he was away when your Nim­bus got smashed, and he might’ve heard about it and de­cid­ed to vis­it Di­agon Al­ley and get this for you –’</p>
      <p>‘What d’you mean, he was away?’ said Har­ry. ‘He was ill when I was play­ing in that match.’</p>
      <p>‘Well, he wasn’t in the hos­pi­tal wing,’ said Ron. ‘I was there, clean­ing out the bed­pans on that de­ten­tion from Snape, re­mem­ber?’</p>
      <p>Har­ry frowned at Ron.</p>
      <p>‘I can’t see Lupin af­ford­ing some­thing like this.’</p>
      <p>‘What’re you two laugh­ing about?’</p>
      <p>Hermione had just come in, wear­ing her dress­ing gown and car­ry­ing Crook­shanks, who was look­ing very grumpy, with a string of tin­sel tied around his neck.</p>
      <p>‘Don’t bring him in here!’ said Ron, hur­ried­ly snatch­ing Scab­bers from the depths of his bed and stow­ing him in his py­ja­ma pock­et. But Hermione wasn’t lis­ten­ing. She dropped Crook­shanks on­to Sea­mus’s emp­ty bed and stared, open-​mouthed, at the Fire­bolt.</p>
      <p>‘Oh, Har­ry! Who sent you that?’</p>
      <p>‘No idea,’ said Har­ry. ‘There wasn’t a card or any­thing with it.’</p>
      <p>To his great sur­prise, Hermione did not ap­pear ei­ther ex­cit­ed or in­trigued by this news. On the con­trary, her face fell, and she bit her lip.</p>
      <p>‘What’s the mat­ter with you?’ said Ron.</p>
      <p>‘I don’t know,’ said Hermione slow­ly, ‘but it’s a bit odd, isn’t it? I mean, this is sup­posed to be quite a good broom, isn’t it?’</p>
      <p>Ron sighed ex­as­per­at­ed­ly.</p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
