<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <meta name="DC.Title" content="Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban"/>
    <style type="text/css">body { margin: 0%;padding: 0%;} .cover { text-align: center;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;} .coverpage { text-align: center;vertical-align: middle;text-shadow: #000 0px 1px 1px;margin-left: 0px;margin-right: 0px;margin-top: 0px;padding-top: 3em;margin-botton: 3em;font-size: 3.0em;background: #2F4F4F;} .coverimg { margin-top: 0%;margin-left: 0%;margin-right: 0%;width: 100%;} p { margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;} span { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} div { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} p { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} blockquote { margin-top: 0%;margin-bottom: 0%;margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;text-align: justify;text-indent: 1.5em;} h1 { text-align: center;} h2 { text-align: center;} h3 { text-align: center;} h4 { text-align: center;} h5 { text-align: center;} h6 { text-align: center;}</style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div>
      <h1>Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban</h1>
    </div>
    <div>
      <h2>CHAPTER FIFTEEN</h2>
      <p>The Quid­ditch Fi­nal</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p>Har­ry and the rest of the Gryffind­or team en­tered the Great Hall next day to enor­mous ap­plause. Har­ry couldn’t help grin­ning broad­ly as he saw that both the Raven­claw and Huf­flepuff ta­bles were clap­ping them, too. The Slytherin ta­ble hissed loud­ly as they passed. Har­ry no­ticed that Mal­foy looked even paler than usu­al.</p>
      <p>Wood spent the whole of break­fast urg­ing his team to eat, while touch­ing noth­ing him­self. Then he hur­ried them off to the pitch be­fore any­one else had fin­ished, so they could get an idea of the con­di­tions. As they left the Great Hall, ev­ery­one ap­plaud­ed again.</p>
      <p>‘Good luck, Har­ry!’ called Cho Chang. Har­ry felt him­self blush­ing.</p>
      <p>‘OK … no wind to speak of … sun’s a bit bright, that could im­pair your vi­sion, watch out for it … ground’s fair­ly hard, good, that’ll give us a fast kick-​off …’</p>
      <p>Wood paced the pitch, star­ing around with the team be­hind him. Fi­nal­ly they saw the front doors of the cas­tle open in the dis­tance, and the rest of the school spill on­to the lawn.</p>
      <p>‘Chang­ing rooms,’ said Wood terse­ly.</p>
      <p>None of them spoke as they changed in­to their scar­let robes. Har­ry won­dered if they were feel­ing like he was: as though he’d eat­en some­thing ex­treme­ly wrig­gly for break­fast. In what seemed like no time at all, Wood was say­ing, ‘OK, it’s time, let’s go …’</p>
      <p>They walked out on­to the pitch to a tidal wave of noise. Three-​quar­ters of the crowd were wear­ing scar­let rosettes, wav­ing scar­let flags with the Gryffind­or li­on up­on them or bran­dish­ing ban­ners with slo­gans such as ‘GO GRYFFIND­OR!’ and ‘LI­ONS FOR THE CUP!’. Be­hind the Slytherin goal­posts, how­ev­er, two hun­dred peo­ple were wear­ing green; the sil­ver ser­pent of Slytherin glit­tered on their flags, and Pro­fes­sor Snape sat in the very front row, wear­ing green like ev­ery­one else, and a very grim smile.</p>
      <p>‘And here are the Gryffind­ors!’ yelled Lee Jor­dan, who was act­ing as com­men­ta­tor as usu­al. ‘Pot­ter, Bell, John­son, Spin­net, Weasley, Weasley and Wood. Wide­ly ac­knowl­edged as the best side Hog­warts has seen in a good few years –’</p>
      <p>Lee’s com­ments were drowned by a tide of ‘boos’ from the Slytherin end.</p>
      <p>‘And here come the Slytherin team, led by cap­tain Flint. He’s made some changes in the line-​up and seems to be go­ing for size rather than skill –’</p>
      <p>More boos from the Slytherin crowd. Har­ry, how­ev­er, thought Lee had a point. Mal­foy was eas­ily the small­est per­son on the Slytherin team; the rest of them were enor­mous.</p>
      <p>‘Cap­tains, shake hands!’ said Madam Hooch.</p>
      <p>Flint and Wood ap­proached each oth­er and grasped each oth­er’s hands very tight­ly; it looked as though each was try­ing to break the oth­er’s fin­gers.</p>
      <p>‘Mount your brooms!’ said Madam Hooch. ‘Three … two … one …’</p>
      <p>The sound of her whis­tle was lost in the roar from the crowd as four­teen brooms rose in­to the air. Har­ry felt his hair fly back off his fore­head; his nerves left him in the thrill of the flight; he glanced around, saw Mal­foy on his tail, and sped off in search of the Snitch.</p>
      <p>‘And it’s Gryffind­or in pos­ses­sion, Ali­cia Spin­net of Gryffind­or with the Quaf­fle, head­ing straight for the Slytherin goal­posts, look­ing good, Ali­cia! Argh, no – Quaf­fle in­ter­cept­ed by War­ring­ton, War­ring­ton of Slytherin tear­ing up the pitch – WHAM! – nice Bludger work there by George Weasley, War­ring­ton drops the Quaf­fle, it’s caught by – John­son, Gryffind­or back in pos­ses­sion, come on, An­geli­na – nice swerve round Mon­tague – duck, An­geli­na, that’s a Bludger! – SHE SCORES! TEN–ZE­RO TO GRYFFIND­OR!’</p>
      <p>An­geli­na punched the air as she soared round the end of the pitch; the sea of scar­let be­low was scream­ing its de­light –</p>
      <p>‘OUCH!’</p>
      <p>An­geli­na was near­ly thrown from her broom as Mar­cus Flint went smash­ing in­to her.</p>
      <p>‘Sor­ry!’ said Flint, as the crowd be­low booed. ‘Sor­ry didn’t see her!’</p>
      <p>Next mo­ment, Fred Weasley had chucked his Beat­er’s club at the back of Flint’s head. Flint’s nose smashed in­to the han­dle of his broom and be­gan to bleed.</p>
      <p>‘That will do!’ shrieked Madam Hooch, zoom­ing be­tween them. ‘Penal­ty to Gryffind­or for an un­pro­voked at­tack on their Chas­er! Penal­ty to Slytherin for de­lib­er­ate dam­age to their Chas­er!’</p>
      <p>‘Come off it, Miss!’ howled Fred, but Madam Hooch blew her whis­tle and Ali­cia flew for­ward to take the penal­ty.</p>
      <p>‘Come on, Ali­cia!’ yelled Lee in­to the si­lence that had de­scend­ed on the crowd. ‘YES! SHE’S BEAT­EN THE KEEP­ER! TWEN­TY–ZE­RO TO GRYFFIND­OR!’</p>
      <p>Har­ry turned the Fire­bolt sharply to watch Flint, still bleed­ing freely, fly for­wards to take the Slytherin penal­ty. Wood was hov­er­ing in front of the Gryffind­or goal­posts, his jaw clenched.</p>
      <p>‘Course, Wood’s a su­perb Keep­er!’ Lee Jor­dan told the crowd, as Flint wait­ed for Madam Hooch’s whis­tle. ‘Su­perb! Very dif­fi­cult to pass – very dif­fi­cult in­deed – YES! I DON’T BE­LIEVE IT! HE’S SAVED IT!’</p>
      <p>Re­lieved, Har­ry zoomed away, gaz­ing around for the Snitch, but still mak­ing sure he caught ev­ery word of Lee’s com­men­tary. It was es­sen­tial that he hold Mal­foy off the Snitch un­til Gryffind­or was more than fifty points up …</p>
      <p>‘Gryffind­or in pos­ses­sion, no, Slytherin in pos­ses­sion – no! – Gryffind­or back in pos­ses­sion and it’s Katie Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffind­or with the Quaf­fle, she’s streak­ing up the pitch – THAT WAS DE­LIB­ER­ATE!’</p>
      <p>Mon­tague, a Slytherin Chas­er, had swerved in front of Katie, and in­stead of seiz­ing the Quaf­fle, had grabbed her head. Katie cartwheeled in the air, man­aged to stay on her broom but dropped the Quaf­fle.</p>
      <p>Madam Hooch’s whis­tle rang out again as she soared over to Mon­tague and be­gan shout­ing at him. A minute lat­er, Katie had put an­oth­er penal­ty past the Slytherin Keep­er.</p>
      <p>‘THIR­TY–ZE­RO! TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEAT­ING –’</p>
      <p>‘Jor­dan, if you can’t com­men­tate in an un­bi­ased way –!’</p>
      <p>‘I’m telling it like it is, Pro­fes­sor!’</p>
      <p>Har­ry felt a huge jolt of ex­cite­ment. He had seen the Snitch – it was shim­mer­ing at the foot of one of the Gryffind­or goal­posts – but he mustn’t catch it yet. And if Mal­foy saw it …</p>
      <p>Fak­ing a look of sud­den con­cen­tra­tion, Har­ry pulled his Fire­bolt round and sped off to­wards the Slytherin end. It worked. Mal­foy went har­ing af­ter him, clear­ly think­ing Har­ry had seen the Snitch there …</p>
      <p>WHOOSH.</p>
      <p>One of the Bludgers came streak­ing past Har­ry’s right ear, hit by the gi­gan­tic Slytherin Beat­er, Der­rick. Next mo­ment –</p>
      <p>WHOOSH.</p>
      <p>The sec­ond Bludger had grazed Har­ry’s el­bow. The oth­er Beat­er, Bole, was clos­ing in.</p>
      <p>Har­ry had a fleet­ing glimpse of Bole and Der­rick zoom­ing to­wards him, clubs raised –</p>
      <p>He turned the Fire­bolt up­wards at the last sec­ond, and Bole and Der­rick col­lid­ed with a sick­en­ing crunch.</p>
      <p>‘Ha haaa!’ yelled Lee Jor­dan, as the Slytherin Beat­ers lurched away from each oth­er, clutch­ing their heads. ‘Too bad, boys! You’ll need to get up ear­li­er than that to beat a Fire­bolt! And it’s Gryffind­or in pos­ses­sion again, as John­son takes the Quaf­fle – Flint along­side her – poke him in the eye, An­geli­na! – it was a joke, Pro­fes­sor, it was a joke – oh, no – Flint in pos­ses­sion, Flint fly­ing to­wards the Gryffind­or goal­posts, come on, now, Wood, save –!’</p>
      <p>But Flint had scored; there was an erup­tion of cheers from the Slytherin end and Lee swore so bad­ly that Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall tried to tug the mag­ical mega­phone away from him.</p>
      <p>‘Sor­ry, Pro­fes­sor, sor­ry! Won’t hap­pen again! So, Gryffind­or in the lead, thir­ty points to ten, and Gryffind­or in pos­ses­sion –’</p>
      <p>It was turn­ing in­to the dirt­iest match Har­ry had ev­er played in. En­raged that Gryffind­or had tak­en such an ear­ly lead, the Slytherins were rapid­ly re­sort­ing to any means to take the Quaf­fle. Bole hit Ali­cia with his club and tried to say he’d thought she was a Bludger. George Weasley el­bowed Bole in the face in re­tal­ia­tion. Madam Hooch award­ed both teams penal­ties, and Wood pulled off an­oth­er spec­tac­ular save, mak­ing the score forty-​ten to Gryffind­or.</p>
      <p>The Snitch had dis­ap­peared again. Mal­foy was still keep­ing close to Har­ry as he soared over the match, look­ing around for it – once Gryffind­or were fifty points ahead …</p>
      <p>Katie scored. Fifty–ten. Fred and George Weasley were swoop­ing around her, clubs raised, in case any of the Slytherins were think­ing of re­venge. Bole and Der­rick took ad­van­tage of Fred and George’s ab­sence to aim both Bludgers at Wood; they caught him in the stom­ach, one af­ter the oth­er, and he rolled over in the air, clutch­ing his broom, com­plete­ly wind­ed.</p>
      <p>Madam Hooch was be­side her­self.</p>
      <p>‘You do not at­tack the Keep­er un­less the Quaf­fle is with­in the scor­ing area!’ she shrieked at Bole and Der­rick. ‘Gryffind­or penal­ty!’</p>
      <p>And An­geli­na scored. Six­ty–ten. Mo­ments lat­er, Fred Weasley pelt­ed a Bludger at War­ring­ton, knock­ing the Quaf­fle out of his hands; Ali­cia seized it and put it through the Slytherin goal: sev­en­ty–ten.</p>
      <p>The Gryffind­or crowd be­low were scream­ing them­selves hoarse – Gryffind­or were six­ty points in the lead, and if Har­ry caught the Snitch now, the Cup was theirs. Har­ry could al­most feel hun­dreds of eyes fol­low­ing him as he soared around the pitch, high above the rest of the game, with Mal­foy speed­ing along be­hind him.</p>
      <p>And then he saw it. The Snitch was sparkling twen­ty feet above him.</p>
      <p>Har­ry put on a huge burst of speed, the wind roar­ing in his ears; he stretched out his hand, but sud­den­ly, the Fire­bolt was slow­ing down –</p>
      <p>Hor­ri­fied, he looked around. Mal­foy had thrown him­self for­ward, grabbed hold of the Fire­bolt’s tail and was pulling it back.</p>
      <p>‘You –’</p>
      <p>Har­ry was an­gry enough to hit Mal­foy, but he couldn’t reach. Mal­foy was pant­ing with the ef­fort of hold­ing on­to the Fire­bolt, but his eyes were sparkling ma­li­cious­ly. He had achieved what he’d want­ed – the Snitch had dis­ap­peared again.</p>
      <p>‘Penal­ty! Penal­ty to Gryffind­or! I’ve nev­er seen such tac­tics!’ Madam Hooch screeched, shoot­ing up to where Mal­foy was slid­ing back on­to his Nim­bus Two Thou­sand and One.</p>
      <p>‘YOU CHEAT­ING SCUM!’ Lee Jor­dan was howl­ing in­to the mega­phone, danc­ing out of Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall’s reach. ‘YOU FILTHY, CHEAT­ING B –’</p>
      <p>Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall didn’t even both­er to tell him off. She was ac­tu­al­ly shak­ing her fist in Mal­foy’s di­rec­tion; her hat had fall­en off, and she, too, was shout­ing fu­ri­ous­ly.</p>
      <p>Ali­cia took Gryffind­or’s penal­ty, but she was so an­gry she missed by sev­er­al feet. The Gryffind­or team was los­ing con­cen­tra­tion and the Slytherins, de­light­ed by Mal­foy’s foul on Har­ry, were be­ing spurred on to greater heights.</p>
      <p>‘Slytherin in pos­ses­sion, Slytherin head­ing for goal – Mon­tague scores –’ Lee groaned. ‘Sev­en­ty–twen­ty to Gryffind­or …’</p>
      <p>Har­ry was now mark­ing Mal­foy so close­ly their knees kept hit­ting each oth­er. Har­ry wasn’t go­ing to let Mal­foy any­where near the Snitch …</p>
      <p>‘Get out of it, Pot­ter!’ Mal­foy yelled in frus­tra­tion, as he tried to turn and found Har­ry block­ing him.</p>
      <p>‘An­geli­na John­son gets the Quaf­fle for Gryffind­or, come on, An­geli­na, COME ON!’</p>
      <p>Har­ry looked round. Ev­ery sin­gle Slytherin play­er apart from Mal­foy, even the Slytherin Keep­er, was streak­ing up the pitch to­wards An­geli­na – they were all go­ing to block her –</p>
      <p>Har­ry wheeled the Fire­bolt about, bent so low he was ly­ing flat along the han­dle and kicked it for­wards. Like a bul­let, he shot to­wards the Slytherins.</p>
      <p>‘AAAAAAAR­RRGH!’</p>
      <p>They scat­tered as the Fire­bolt zoomed to­wards them; An­geli­na’s way was clear.</p>
      <p>‘SHE SCORES! SHE SCORES! Gryffind­or lead by eighty points to twen­ty!’</p>
      <p>Har­ry, who had al­most pelt­ed head­long in­to the stands, skid­ded to a halt in mid-​air, re­versed and zoomed back in­to the mid­dle of the pitch.</p>
      <p>And then he saw some­thing to make his heart stand still. Mal­foy was div­ing, a look of tri­umph on his face – there, a few feet above the grass be­low, was a tiny, gold­en glim­mer.</p>
      <p>Har­ry urged the Fire­bolt down­wards but Mal­foy was miles ahead.</p>
      <p>‘Go! Go! Go!’ Har­ry urged his broom. They were gain­ing on Mal­foy … Har­ry flat­tened him­self to the broom han­dle as Bole sent a Bludger at him … he was at Mal­foy’s an­kles … he was lev­el –</p>
      <p>Har­ry threw him­self for­wards, tak­ing both hands off his broom. He knocked Mal­foy’s arm out of the way and –</p>
      <p>‘YES!’</p>
      <p>He pulled out of his dive, his hand in the air, and the sta­di­um ex­plod­ed. Har­ry soared above the crowd, an odd ring­ing in his ears. The tiny gold­en ball was held tight in his fist, beat­ing its wings hope­less­ly against his fin­gers.</p>
      <p>Then Wood was speed­ing to­wards him, half-​blind­ed by tears; he seized Har­ry around the neck and sobbed un­re­strained­ly in­to his shoul­der. Har­ry felt two large thumps as Fred and George hit them; then An­geli­na, Ali­cia and Katie’s voic­es, ‘We’ve won the Cup! We’ve won the Cup!’ Tan­gled to­geth­er in a many-​armed hug, the Gryffind­or team sank, yelling hoarse­ly, back to earth.</p>
      <p>Wave up­on wave of crim­son sup­port­ers was pour­ing over the bar­ri­ers on­to the pitch. Hands were rain­ing down on their backs. Har­ry had a con­fused im­pres­sion of noise and bod­ies press­ing in on him. Then he, and the rest of the team, were hoist­ed on­to the shoul­ders of the crowd. Thrust in­to the light, he saw Ha­grid, plas­tered with crim­son rosettes – ‘Yeh beat ’em, Har­ry, yeh beat ’em! Wait till I tell Buck­beak!’ There was Per­cy, jump­ing up and down like a ma­ni­ac, all dig­ni­ty for­got­ten. Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall was sob­bing hard­er even than Wood, wip­ing her eyes with an enor­mous Gryffind­or flag; and there, fight­ing their way to­wards Har­ry, were Ron and Hermione. Words failed them. They sim­ply beamed, as Har­ry was borne to­wards the stands, where Dum­ble­dore stood wait­ing with the enor­mous Quid­ditch Cup.</p>
      <p>If on­ly there had been a De­men­tor around … As a sob­bing Wood passed Har­ry the Cup, as he lift­ed it in­to the air, Har­ry felt he could have pro­duced the world’s best Pa­tronus.</p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
